hi guys so today I'm going to be talking
about the benefits they're real push-up
liner as well as the makeup remover that
is supposed to kind of go hand in hand
with it I'm gonna be doing a little
tutorial on the makeup look that I had
today using the liner and then i'm going
to be reviewing it for you guys so the
first thing I'm going to do is take a
little bit of my Boing concealer this
isn't the color number one you can use
any concealer that you have I'm going to
take a little bit just with my finger
and I'm just gonna put this all over my
eyelid if you have any like little veins
or redness discoloration just anything
going on there it kind of smoothes that
whole area out and just makes it look
really pretty and opens your eye so just
get it all over up to the brow bone the
whole thing if you want you can put an
eyeshadow primer on before this but I
just didn't feel like it next you want
to take any powder I'm just going to use
makeup forever pro finish is in the
color 117 you can use this or cream
shadow and I'm just gonna take some of
the powder on a fluffy eyeshadow brush
from Ecotools just put it all over it's
not supposed to have any color to it it
should just set the concealer and make
sure you're nice and matte and you don't
have any creasing or anything like that
okay if you want you can put on shadow
on but I'm skipping that step today so
I'm going to take the liner they're real
and what you do is you twist up the cab
or the bottom of it until you kind of
have some of the is coming out just like
that but you don't want to apply it to
your eye like that what you want to do
is take it back of your hand or a tissue
and kind of swype off the excess so that
you have it really thinned down and
that's when you can go ahead and start
using it on your eye you might have to
do that a couple times while you're
using it so I'm just going to start the
inner corner of my eye and just
pull I just did one big sweep I don't
usually do that but I find that it's
kind of easier to do that with this so
that it doesn't pull you don't get those
little Mark's just to make one big line
and then I'm just going to fill that
line in the black
and already like this line is thicker
than the other one but that's okay the
lashes will kind of hide that and
disguise it and if not I can just go
back and make this one thicker so I'm
going to click it up again put the
excess off on my hand and then I'm gonna
go ahead and do a wing so with this
eyeliner it's better if you're starting
in the corner of the inner corner of
your eye to hold it like this with the
tip facing towards the inner corner if
you're going to go from the outer corner
of your eye it kind of helps to face the
tip the other way so I'm just going to
create a wing like I usually would just
draw that line and then all you want to
do is swoop it in to connect it to the
other line just like that and then just
go ahead and fill it in now I'm just
going to go ahead and put on a little
bit of mascara and these lashes I think
there are Dell there either our dell or
kiss so right now I'm just going to be
putting my tart in a rim liner on the
interim of my eye it's peach colored
flesh colored so it kind of opens your
eyes and makes them look bigger looks
like this it's called emphasized in a
rim brightener then I'm just gonna put
on a little bottom mascara I feel like
it's really important not to skip this
step especially if you have eyelashes on
because you kind of want to be balanced
this is my covergirl LashBlast I think
this is a really good bottom mascara
because the bristles are all tiny and it
can coat every single lash so next I
just put lipstick on this is laura
mercier mod it's a really pretty cherry
red color I think Jennifer Lawrence were
this like some award show or something
one time everybody was obsessed with it
it's a gorgeous red especially a springy
or summer red because it's a little bit
brighter it's matt but it's wax free so
it doesn't dry out your lips amazing so
this is my finished look very simple no
eyeshadow and now gonna start to talk to
you guys about the actual burial liner
if I could find
okay so basically it's a gel liner but
it's in like a pen form it twists open
and it's got a little clipper thingy
like I said before you click it up and
then you kind of like wipe the excess on
the back of your hand because it would
get all chunky if you didn't like see
that little chunk and you don't want
that on your eyeball um the tip is like
flexible and moves but when I first saw
it I thought this whole thing was the
was the gel but it's not the gel is only
on the three lee top part at the tip and
it kind of goes on really smooth the
concept it's supposed to be lash hugging
so it's supposed to be easy for people
to use that have the problem of you know
not being able to ever do a liquid liner
or whatever you saw as i did it i kind
of just did in two steps i did the swype
for the one line and then i just did the
wing and pulled it all together I think
that the way that I did it is the
easiest way where you kind of because I
don't like to like pull on my eye or
whatever what I do liner because then I
feel like when I let it go it just looks
different I don't like to like stretch
my eyes the back foot is to gel all gel
eyeliners say on the longest you can put
this in your inner rim um it's going to
stay on longer than a pencil everyone
that's like the number one biggest
question I get asked at sephora is like
oh I need a good eye liner that isn't
going to come off it smudge smudge much
it's hard for any eyeliner to stay in
your inner rim you're blinking it's your
eye it's constantly wet they're always
going to come off it's just it's just
life but anytime you want to liner to
last longer use a gel I do like this
liner I still have to play with it a
little bit more because I did just get
it I'm only used it a couple of times
what I usually use is just a liquid
lighter just this a 4 brand one or like
a l'oreal and i kind of right now prefer
those but I could see myself really
liking this just because villach gives
really crisp lines when you do do it the
way that I be used to
so I do like that i like how waterproof
it is and then it's a matte finish
because i do like that an eyeliner i
don't like too shiny so the fact that it
is waterproof and stays on you know
super long they created a I makeup
remover to go with it it doesn't come
with it its separate think this is like
20 bucks and the eyeliners like 24 um
you basically just put it on your hand
or obviously your I whatever um I like
to just rub it in you want to let it sit
for a second and then just take a tissue
or cotton ball or cotton round and wipe
it off you don't have to use his eye
makeup remover they kind of tell you
that you have to use this one because
nothing else will take it off that's not
true I've used it and I used my
Neutrogena eye makeup remover and it
came off it's just it's a better it's
better lasting but an eye makeup remover
will take it off so that's all I have
for you guys today i hope you enjoyed
this video and let me know if you have
any questions i will see you on the next
video bye